Update connector-sharepoint-online-list.md (#123771)
Azure/azure-content: articles/data-factory/connector-sharepoint-online-list.md

2. Grant SharePoint Online site permission to your registered application by following the steps below. To do this, you need a site admin role.

>     1. Open your SharePoint Online site link. e.g. https://[your_site_url]/_layouts/15/appinv.aspx (replace the site URL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Open your SharePoint Online site link. For example, the URL in the format `https://<your-site-url>/_layouts/15/appinv.aspx` where the placeholder `<your-site-url>` is your site.
```
